{\rtf1\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0 Times New Roman;}{\f1 Tahoma;}{\f2 Cambria;}{\f3 Times New Roman CYR;}{\f4 Wingdings;}{\f5 Arial;}}{\colortbl\red0\green0\blue0 ;}{\*\listoverridetable}{\stylesheet {\ql\f1\cf0 Normal;}{\s1\sbasedon0\ql\cf0 heading 1;}{\*\cs2\cf0 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\cs3\b\f2\fs32\cf0 Heading 1 Char;}}{\sectd\linex0\pard\plain\s1\ql{\b\f1\cf0 XtraRichEdit Suite Main Features}\b\f3\par\pard\plain\ql{\f1\cf0  }\f3\par\pard\plain\ql\fi-360\li720\lin720\sa120\tx720{\f4\fs22\cf0 \tab }{\b\f1\fs22\cf0 Rich Text Formatting}\b\f3\fs22\par\pard\plain\ql\fi-360\li1080\lin1080\sa120\tx1080{\f1\fs20\cf0 o\tab }{\b\f1\fs20\cf0 Character and Paragraph Formatting}{\f1\fs20\cf0  \u8211– Provides all formatting features you would expect from a word processor. Characters can be formatted using different settings for font, font size, character style - bold, italics, underlined, strike-through style and different colors for background and foreground. Hidden text is also supported. Formatting options for paragraphs include alignment, indentation, variable paragraph and line spacing.}\f3\fs20\par\pard\plain\ql\fi-360\li1080\lin1080\sa120\tx1080{\f1\fs20\cf0 o\tab }{\b\f1\fs20\cf0 Bullets and Numbered Lists}{\f1\fs20\cf0  \u8211– The RichEditControl provides full support for bullets and numbered lists. Lists are numbered automatically. }\f3\fs20\par\pard\plain\ql\fi-360\li1080\lin1080\sa120\tx1080{\f1\fs20\cf0 o\tab }{\b\f1\fs20\cf0 Styles}{\f1\fs20\cf0  \u8211– Document formatting can be stored and applied by using styles. Styles facilitate quick modification of a document\u8217’s formatting and allow centralized control of formatting options. The editor supports both paragraph and character based styles, as well as multiple style inheritance. Stylesheets are compatible with MS Word.}\f3\fs20\par\pard\plain\ql\fi-360\li1080\lin1080\sa120\tx1080{\f1\fs20\cf0 o\tab }{\b\f1\fs20\cf0 Multi-column Layout}{\f1\fs20\cf0  \u8211– This functionality allows you to flow the text across multiple columns.}\f3\fs20\par\pard\plain\ql\fi-360\li1080\lin1080\sa120\tx1080{\f1\fs20\cf0 o\tab }{\b\f1\fs20\cf0 Document Sections}{\f1\fs20\cf0  \u8211– Documents can be partitioned into a number of different sections with individual page settings. }\f3\fs20\par\pard\plain\ql\fi-360\li720\lin720\sa120\tx720{\f4\fs22\cf0 \tab }{\b\f1\fs22\cf0 Text Operations}\b\f3\fs22\par\pard\plain\ql\fi-360\li1080\lin1080\sa120\tx1080{\f1\fs20\cf0 o\tab }{\b\f1\fs20\cf0 Clipboard}{\f1\fs20\cf0  \u8211– ASCII and RTF formats are used by built-in clipboard operations.}\f3\fs20\par\pard\plain\ql\fi-360\li1080\lin1080\sa120\tx1080{\f1\fs20\cf0 o\tab }{\b\f1\fs20\cf0 Find and Replace}{\f1\fs20\cf0  \u8211– A search can be performed in a document for text or any character combination, including special characters. When found, the text can be replaced if required.}\f3\fs20\par\pard\plain\ql\fi-360\li1080\lin1080\sa120\tx1080{\f1\fs20\cf0 o\tab }{\b\f1\fs20\cf0 Multi-Level Undo/Redo \u8211– }{\f1\fs20\cf0 Mistakes can be easily corrected on the spot with the help of this option.}\f3\fs20\par\pard\plain\ql\fi-360\li1080\lin1080\sa120\tx1080{\f1\fs20\cf0 o\tab }{\b\f1\fs20\cf0 Images \u8211– }{\f1\fs20\cf0 Images can be inserted into a document and positioned as characters.}\f3\fs20\par\pard\plain\ql\fi-360\li720\lin720\sa120\tx720{\f4\fs22\cf0 \tab }{\b\f1\fs22\cf0 Mail Merge}\b\f3\fs22\par\pard\plain\ql\fi-360\li1080\lin1080\sa120\tx1080{\f1\fs20\cf0 o\tab }{\b\f1\fs20\cf0 Document Fields}{\f1\fs20\cf0  \u8211– A subset of fields defined in ECMA-376 (Office OpenXML) standard is currently supported.}\f3\fs20\par\pard\plain\ql\fi-360\li1080\lin1080\sb72\sa120\tx1080{\f1\fs20\cf0 o\tab }{\b\f1\fs20\cf0 Merge}{\f1\fs20\cf0  \u8211– Data from the database or the object data source exposing the ILIst interface can be merged with the source document. Resulting document can be saved to a file, sent to a stream or to the new RichEditControl instance.  }\f3\fs20\par\pard\plain\ql\fi-360\li720\lin720\sa120\tx720{\f4\fs22\cf0 \tab }{\b\f1\fs22\cf0 Multi-Language Support }\b\f3\fs22\par\pard\plain\ql\fi-360\li1080\lin1080\sa120\tx720\tx1080{\f1\fs20\cf0 o\tab }{\b\f1\fs20\cf0 Spell Checking }{\f1\fs20\cf0 - The RichEditControl has built-in support for spell checking (uses the XtraSpellChecker component \u8211– which should be purchased separately). }\fs20\par\pard\plain\ql\fi-360\li1080\lin1080\sa120\tx720\tx1080{\f1\fs20\cf0 o\tab }{\b\f1\fs20\cf0 Localization \u8211– }{\f1\fs20\cf0 a comprehensive localization technique is available across all DevExpress controls. All captions can be translated into various languages or replaced by their text equivalents}{\fs20\cf0 .}{\f1\fs20\cf0  }\f3\fs20\par\pard\plain\ql\fi-360\li720\lin720\sa120\tx720{\f4\fs22\cf0 \tab }{\b\f1\fs22\cf0 Supported File Formats}\b\f3\fs22\par\pard\plain\ql\fi-360\li1080\lin1080\sa120\tx1080{\f1\fs20\cf0 o\tab }{\b\f1\fs20\cf0 Image}{\f1\fs20\cf0  \u8211– The control provides support for the most popular image file formats, including JPEG, PNG, GIF, BMP, TIFF, WMF, EMF.}\f3\fs20\par\pard\plain\ql\fi-360\li1080\lin1080\sa120\tx1080{\f1\fs20\cf0 o\tab }{\b\f1\fs20\cf0 Load and Save}{\f1\fs20\cf0  \u8211– Documents can be loaded and saved using Rich Text Format (RTF), HTML, web page archive format (MHTML), Open Office XML format (aka Office 2007 or .docx) or as unformatted  text.}\f3\fs20\par\pard\plain\ql\fi-360\li720\lin720\sa120\tx720{\f4\fs22\cf0 \tab }{\b\f1\fs22\cf0 Developer API}\b\f3\fs22\par\pard\plain\ql\fi-360\li1080\lin1080\sa120\tx1080{\f1\fs20\cf0 o\tab }{\b\f1\fs20\cf0 Commands and Interfaces}{\f1\fs20\cf0  \u8211– The control exposes a comprehensive set of commands and interfaces that enables the developer to build feature-rich applications.}\f5\fs20\par}}